TODO.md, before:

# TO-DO:

1. Sort out TypeScript / Prettier errors
2. Add pagination to records and artists pages
3. Add Prettier pre-commit hook
4. Add ES/TS Lint?
5. Add tests
6. Remove "genre" field from "Records" collection API response (old field)
7. Get auth working
8. Add "tracklist" + "about this track" functionality (+ "Favourite" functionality?)
9. Need unique slugs in case records/artists happen to have same name
10. Setup tailwind config properly (add all colors, font, etc.)
11. Add data and src/media back to .gitignore files
12. Show thumbnail image in CMS List view for Records and Artists
13. make imageURL field required if no custom image is set, and vice versa (Records and Artists)
14. mobile styling
15. try container queries for Record and Artist components
16. Fix color preview if custom record image is used
17. Limit homepage to 8 records (random?)
18. add clear visual indication in CMS list view of which records/artists were created by the user vs other users
19. make this a PWA
20. remove // @ts-nocheck where used
21. try re-adding John Mayer - discogs images don't show up
22. Resize / compress uploaded images
23. clean up node modules / package.json; remove unused packages
24. build a custom CMS view for Records and Artists (similar to how they're displayed on the front end)
25. Commit buddy.yml file

# LOOK INTO:

1. Payload "Local API"
2. Possible to seed DB with initial test/dev data? (https://github.com/payloadcms/public-demo/blob/master/src/cron/reset.ts)
3. Cloudinary plugin
4. why are so many images being created during build?

# Deploy Process Notes

- had to geneate new SSH keys within the droplet with `sudo ssh-keygen`
- copied the new public key to Github
- manually cloned the repo to the droplet with `git clone`
- install node on the droplet with `sudo apt update` && `sudo apt install nodejs`
- install npm on the droplet with `sudo apt install npm`
- install yarn on the droplet with `sudo npm install -g yarn`

curl "https://api.discogs.com/database/search?q=Nirvana&type=artist&token=lvSqsEIAVQNHGbsYiVRDSUwSZHidyBUKGTFdZKYb"

Commit message:

switch editor to Lexical; try Live Preview

TODO.md, after:

# TO-DO:

1. Sort out TypeScript / Prettier errors
2. Add pagination to records and artists pages
3. Add Prettier pre-commit hook
4. Add ES/TS Lint?
5. Add tests
6. Remove "genre" field from "Records" collection API response (old field)
7. Get auth working
8. Add "tracklist" + "about this track" functionality (+ "Favourite" functionality?)
9. Need unique slugs in case records/artists happen to have same name
10. Setup tailwind config properly (add all colors, font, etc.)
11. Add data and src/media back to .gitignore files
12. Show thumbnail image in CMS List view for Records and Artists
13. make imageURL field required if no custom image is set, and vice versa (Records and Artists)
14. mobile styling
15. try container queries for Record and Artist components
16. Fix color preview if custom record image is used
17. Limit homepage to 8 records (random?)
18. add clear visual indication in CMS list view of which records/artists were created by the user vs other users
19. make this a PWA
20. remove // @ts-nocheck where used
21. try re-adding John Mayer - discogs images don't show up
22. Resize / compress uploaded images
23. clean up node modules / package.json; remove unused packages
24. build a custom CMS view for Records and Artists (similar to how they're displayed on the front end)
25. Commit buddy.yml file
26. Images uploaded via production CMS won't show up locally (and vice versa) - what to do about this? 🤔
27. Somehow allow Lexical editor to use Record/Artist theme colours
28. Lexical text-alignment wasn't working - had to add logic to the serializer
    - BUG: if you set alignment to center, you can't undo it without deleting the text and starting over
29. Lexical inline links not working.

# LOOK INTO:

1. Payload "Local API"
2. Possible to seed DB with initial test/dev data? (https://github.com/payloadcms/public-demo/blob/master/src/cron/reset.ts)
3. Cloudinary plugin
4. why are so many images being created during build?

# Deploy Process Notes

- had to geneate new SSH keys within the droplet with `sudo ssh-keygen`
- copied the new public key to Github
- manually cloned the repo to the droplet with `git clone`
- install node on the droplet with `sudo apt update` && `sudo apt install nodejs`
- install npm on the droplet with `sudo apt install npm`
- install yarn on the droplet with `sudo npm install -g yarn`

curl "https://api.discogs.com/database/search?q=Nirvana&type=artist&token=lvSqsEIAVQNHGbsYiVRDSUwSZHidyBUKGTFdZKYb"
